= WysihatEngine

A simple Engine to get everyone up and running with Wysihat (http://github.com/josh/wysihat) fast.

== Installation

First, install the plugin

  script/plugin install git://github.com/80beans/wysihat-engine.git
  
Then copy the required files to your app by running this rake task:
  
  rake wysihat_engine:sync

And migrate your database
  
  rake db:migrate

Don't forget to add the following line to your layouts file:
  
  <%= javascript_include_tag :defaults, 'wysihat' %>

If you want to use file uploading, you should also include the facebox javascript file and the facebox css file:

  <%= javascript_include_tag :defaults, 'wysihat', 'facebox' %>
  <%= stylesheet_link_tag 'facebox' %>

We created a simple stylesheet, to use it include it too:

  <%= javascript_include_tag :defaults, 'wysihat', 'facebox' %>
  <%= stylesheet_link_tag 'facebox', 'wysihat' %>

== Examples

Now you can use the wysihat_editor form field in your app, like this:

  <% form_for(@page) do |f| %>
    <%= f.error_messages %>

    <p>
      <%= f.label :content %><br />
      <%= f.wysihat_editor :content %>
    </p>
    <p>
      <%= f.submit 'Create' %>
    </p>
  <% end %>

You'll probably want to specify which fields end up in your editor. Just add a :buttons => [] option to the wysihat_editor.

Some buttons you can add are: :bold, :italic, :underline, :justify_left, :justify_center, :justify_right, :insert_ordered_list, :insert_unordered_list, :undo, :redo, :link, :html and :image. You can check out wysihat (http://github.com/josh/wysihat) to find more options.

If you don't specify any buttons, wysihat-engine will use the whole list.
  
  <% form_for(@page) do |f| %>
    <%= f.error_messages %>

    <p>
      <%= f.label :content %><br />
      <%= f.wysihat_editor :content, :buttons => [:bold, :italic, :underline] %>
    </p>
    <p>
      <%= f.submit 'Create' %>
    </p>
  <% end %>
  
The wysihat-engine even has image uploads baked in! It's very simple, just add :image to your buttons array.

  <% form_for(@page) do |f| %>
    <%= f.error_messages %>

    <p>
      <%= f.label :content %><br />
      <%= f.wysihat_editor :content, :buttons => [:image] %>
    </p>
    <p>
      <%= f.submit 'Create' %>
    </p>
  <% end %>

== Contributing

Want to help? Great. Please fork the project and send a pull request when you're done! :)

Stay tuned, we'll be adding some great stuff soon!

== License

Copyright (c) 2009 80beans, released under the MIT license
